Sobeys

Intro into their parent company:
1. Empire’s Food retailing segment is carried out through Sobeys, a wholly-owned subsidiary. Proudly Canadian, with headquarters in Stellarton, Nova Scotia, Sobeys has been serving the food shopping needs of Canadians since 1907. 
2. 'Sobeys' owns, affiliates or franchises more than 1,600 stores in all 10 provinces under retail banners that include Sobeys, Safeway, IGA, Foodland, FreshCo, Thrifty Foods, Farm Boy, Longo’s and Lawtons Drugs, operates grocery e-commerce under the banners Voilà, Voilà par IGA and ThriftyFoods.com, and operates and/or supplies more than 350 retail fuel locations.

Company priority as of Q2F25:
1. The Company is continuing to enhance data capabilities and deepen the understanding of customers, allowing the Company to effectively capture emerging trends. The Company aims to grow total adjusted EPS over the long-term through net earnings growth and share repurchases. The Company intends to continue improving sales, gross margin (excluding fuel) and adjusted EBITDA margin by focusing on priorities such as:
	1. Continued Focus on Stores: 
		Over recent years, the Company has accelerated investments in renovations, conversions, and new stores along with store processes, communications, training, technology and tools. Investing in the store network will remain a priority, demonstrated by a sustained emphasis on renovations and continued new store expansion. The Own Brands program enhancement will remain a priority through increased distribution, shelf placement and product innovation. The Company intends to invest capital in its store network and is on track with its plan to renovate approximately 20% to 25% of the network between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2026. This capital investment includes important sustainability initiatives such as refrigeration system upgrades and other energy efficiency initiatives.
	2. Enhanced Focus on Digital and Data: 
		The focus on digital and data will include continued e-commerce expansion, personalization and loyalty through Scene+ (see “Business Updates – E-Commerce” and “Business Updates – Scene+” for more information), improved space productivity and the continued improvement of promotional optimization. Space productivity will further enhance the customer experience by improving store layouts, optimizing category and product adjacencies and tailoring product assortment for each store. The advanced analytics tools built for promotional optimization will continue to be refined through the partnership between the advanced analytics team and category merchants. Enhancing digital and data capabilities will allow the Company to deliver the best personalized experiences to elevate its in-store and e-commerce experience for its customers.
	3. Efficiency and Cost Control: 
		The Company has significantly improved its efficiency and cost effectiveness through sourcing efficiencies, optimizing supply chain productivity and improving systems and processes. The Company will continue to focus on driving efficiency and cost effectiveness through initiatives related to sourcing of goods not for resale, supply chain productivity and the organizational structure. The Company has implemented several cost savings initiatives in the Voilà business, including pausing the opening of its fourth CFC and ending its mutual exclusivity with Ocado and continues to pursue other cost saving initiatives

Their Business updates:
1. E-Commerce:
	Voilà, the Company’s online delivery business, has three active CFCs located in Toronto, Montreal and Calgary. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company decided to pause the opening of its fourth CFC in Vancouver, British Columbia to focus efforts on driving volume and performance in its three active CFCs. Construction of the external building for the fourth CFC has been substantially completed with the internal work related to the grid build and robot commissioning not yet started. Once e-commerce penetration rates in Canada increase, the Company will be in a position to make a decision quickly on when it will proceed with the opening of its fourth CFC. The Company has also taken actions to decrease costs and increase its flexibility to serve customers, including ending its mutual exclusivity agreement with Ocado before it was originally estimated to end. This resulted in a non-cash pre-tax charge related to ending the exclusivity of $11.9 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. On October 24, 2024, the Company announced partnerships with Instacart and Uber Eats, providing customers with new ways to shop its stores online. These new partnerships complement Voilà by providing a full suite of delivery options across the Company’s banners in Ontario (Sobeys, Farm Boy, Longo’s and FreshCo). Subsequently, on December 5, 2024, the Company expanded these partnerships to Western Canada across various banners (Sobeys, FreshCo, IGA West, Thrifty Foods, and Safeway) and also to Foodland in Ontario, with additional rollouts across the rest of Canada to follow. The actions that the Company is taking as outlined above are expected to have a significant, positive impact on Voilà’s profitability in fiscal 2025 and 2026. Voilà’s future earnings will primarily be impacted by sales volume, with strong margins, operational efficiencies and cost discipline serving as important drivers to manage financial performance. While the market penetration of Voilà continues to be strong, the size and growth of the Canadian grocery e-commerce market is smaller than anticipated, resulting in higher net earnings dilution than originally estimated. In the quarter ended November 2, 2024, the Company’s e-commerce platforms Voilà (including curbside pickup), IGA.net, ThriftyFoods.com and the new partnerships with Instacart and Uber Eats, generated a combined sales increase of 12.2% compared to the same quarter in the prior year. The increase is primarily driven by the continued sales momentum of Voilà.
2. Scene+ :
	Along with Scotiabank and Cineplex, Empire is a co-owner of Scene+, one of Canada’s leading loyalty programs. Scene+ has been rewarding customers in almost all of the Company’s banners since launching in fiscal 2023. In that time, Scene+ has grown from 10 million to over 15 million members, while offering a breadth of rewards categories to its members, providing a strategic marketing and promotional tool for the Company. The Company’s key priority with Scene+ is to accelerate program engagement by focusing on personalization. By using machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms, personalization recommendations will be improved, delivering the right message to the right customer at the right time, through the right channels.
3. FreshCo :
	Since fiscal 2018, the Company has been expanding its FreshCo discount format to Western Canada and its significant growth has been driven by store conversions and regional expansion. The value proposition and strong multicultural assortment, along with the addition of the Scene+ loyalty program, has supported the growth and expansion of the discount format. As at December 11, 2024, FreshCo has 48 stores operating in Western Canada and the Company expects to achieve its original targeted growth of converting up to 25% of 255 Safeway and Sobeys Full-Service format stores in Western Canada over the next several years.
4. Sustainable Business Reporting:
	Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) has deep roots in the Company’s history, and the principles of ESG have been a part of the organization since the Company started over 117 years ago. The Company published its 2024 Sustainable Business Report in August 2024, highlighting significant advancements in achieving its ESG objectives. This year's report demonstrates continued progress across the three pillars of its ESG framework: People, Planet, and Products. Notable achievements include; reducing greenhouse gas emissions in Scope 1 and 2 by 27% as part of the Company's science-based climate targets, donating over 30 million pounds of surplus food to local charities through partnerships with Second Harvest, raising and donating nearly $23 million to support health and wellness, and further embedding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (“DE&I”) initiatives with 91% of Directors and above setting DE&I performance and accountability goals. In fiscal 2024, the Company also initiated work to establish Scope 3 specific targets for GHG emissions related to the forestry, land and agriculture (FLAG) sector in accordance with science-based target initiatives guidance. Additionally, the newly established Sustainable Business Council continues to play a critical role in overseeing the Company’s sustainability initiatives and ensuring the accuracy of carbon emissions reporting for both internal and external stakeholders. The Company remains focused on several key initiatives as part of its ongoing ESG journey, including expanding carbon reduction projects to meet Scope 1 and 2 climate targets, eliminating avoidable and hardto-recycle plastics, fostering a fair, equitable, and inclusive environment, and integrating sustainable business mandates within performance management goals. These efforts underscore the Company's commitment to sustainability and its role in driving positive change for its stakeholders, business, and shareholders.
5. Western Canada Fuel Sale:
	 On December 13, 2022, the Company signed a definitive agreement between a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sobeys and Canadian Mobility Services Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shell Canada, to sell all 56 retail fuel sites in Western Canada for approximately $100.0 million. Following regulatory review and approval, the sale (“Western Canada Fuel Sale”) was completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.